acuan ++ acu
adanya ++ ada
adegan-adegan ++ adegan
adilnya ++ adil
agaknya ++ agak
agama-agama ++ agama
agamanya ++ agama
agen-agen ++ agen
agendakan ++ agenda
agunan ++ agun
ajakan ++ ajak
ajaran ++ ajar
ajarannya ++ ajar
ajukan ++ aju
akademisnya ++ akademis
akarnya ++ akar
akhiri ++ akhir
akhlaknya ++ akhlak
aksinya ++ aksi
aktingnya ++ akting
aktivitasnya ++ aktivitas
alamnya ++ alam
alasannya ++ alasan
alat-alat ++ alat
alternatif-alternatif ++ alternatif
anak-anaknya ++ anak
ancaman ++ ancam
andalannya ++ andal
aneh-aneh ++ aneh
anggarannya ++ anggar
anggota-anggota ++ anggota
anggotanya ++ anggota
angka-angka ++ angka
angkatan ++ angkat
anjuran ++ anjur
anjurkan ++ anjur
antrean ++ antre
aparatnya ++ aparat
arahkan ++ arah
arsip-arsip ++ arsip
artisnya ++ artis
asal-asalan ++ asal
asal-usul ++ asal
asas-asas ++ asas
asetnya ++ aset
aslinya ++ asli
aspek-aspek ++ aspek
asuhannya ++ asuh
asumsinya ++ asumsi
atasannya ++ atas
atasi ++ atas
atlet-atlet ++ atlet
aturan-aturan ++ atur
aturannya ++ atur
awal-awal ++ awal
awalnya ++ awal
awasi ++ awas
ayat-ayat ++ ayat
azasi ++ azas
bacaan ++ baca
badai-badai ++ badai
badan-badan ++ badan
bagian ++ bagi
bagiannya ++ bagi
baginya ++ bagi
bagusnya ++ bagus
bahasa-bahasa ++ bahasa
bahayanya ++ bahaya
baiknya ++ baik
baliknya ++ balik
bangkitnya ++ bangkit
bangku-bangku ++ bangku
bangunan-bangunan ++ bangun
bank-bank ++ bank
bankir-bankir ++ bankir
bantalan ++ bantal
bantuan ++ bantu
banyaknya ++ banyak
bapaknya ++ bapak
barisan ++ baris
barunya ++ baru
batangnya ++ batang
batas-batas ++ batas
batasan-batasan ++ batas
batasi ++ batas
batu-batu ++ batu
batuk-batuk ++ batuk
bawaan ++ bawa
bawahan ++ bawah
bawahi ++ bawah
beberkan ++ beber
beda-beda ++ beda
bedanya ++ beda
belahan ++ belah
belakangi ++ belakang
belasan ++ belas
belitan ++ belit
benarnya ++ benar
bendanya ++ benda
bendungan ++ bendung
benih-benih ++ benih
bentrokan ++ bentrok
bentuk-bentuk ++ bentuk
benturan ++ bentur
berabad-abad ++ abad
beracun ++ racun
beradab ++ adab
beragama ++ agama
berakar ++ akar
berakhirnya ++ akhir
berakting ++ akting
beralamat ++ alamat
beralasan ++ alasan
beralihnya ++ alih
beralkohol ++ alkohol
berambisi ++ ambisi
beranak ++ anak
beraneka ++ aneka
beranggapan ++ anggap
berantakan ++ berantak
berargumen ++ argumen
berarti ++ arti
berasal ++ asal
berasosiasi ++ asosiasi
berasumsi ++ asumsi
beratkan ++ berat
beraturan ++ atur
berawal ++ awal
berbadan ++ badan
berbagi ++ bagi
berbahasa ++ bahasa
berbahayanya ++ bahaya
berbakat ++ bakat
berbalik ++ balik
berbanding ++ banding
berbangsa ++ bangsa
berbarengan ++ bareng
berbaris ++ baris
berbasiskan ++ basis
berbau ++ bau
berbeda ++ beda
berbelanja ++ belanja
berbelok ++ belok
berbendera ++ bendera
berbenturan ++ bentur
berbicara ++ bicara
berbincang ++ bincang
berbintang ++ bintang
berbisnis ++ bisnis
berbohong ++ bohong
berbondong-bondong ++ bondong
berbuat ++ buat
berbuka ++ buka
berbulan-bulan ++ bulan
berbunga ++ bunga
berbuntut ++ buntut
berburu ++ buru
bercakap ++ cakap
bercampur ++ campur
bercerita ++ cerita
bercinta ++ cinta
bercita-cita ++ cita
berciuman ++ cium
bercorak ++ corak
berdagang ++ dagang
berdalih ++ dalih
berdampak ++ dampak
berdaulat ++ daulat
berdaya ++ daya
berdebu ++ debu
berdiam ++ diam
berdiri ++ diri
berdiskusi ++ diskusi
berdokumen ++ dokumen
berdua ++ dua
berduka ++ duka
berduri ++ duri
bereaksi ++ reaksi
beredar ++ edar
beregu ++ regu
berekspresi ++ ekspresi
berenang ++ renang
berendam ++ rendam
bereskan ++ beres
berfokus ++ fokus
berfungsi ++ fungsi
bergabung ++ gabung
bergambar ++ gambar
berganti-ganti ++ ganti
bergantung ++ gantung
bergaris-garis ++ garis
bergaul ++ gaul
bergaya ++ gaya
bergejolak ++ gejolak
bergelombang ++ gelombang
bergembira ++ gembira
bergerak ++ gerak
bergerombol ++ gerombol
bergeser ++ geser
bergetar ++ getar
bergilir ++ gilir
bergolak ++ golak
bergoyang ++ goyang
berguling ++ guling
bergulir ++ gulir
berguna ++ guna
berhadapan ++ hadap
berharap-harap ++ harap
berhasil ++ hasil
berhenti ++ henti
berhitung ++ hitung
berhutan ++ hutan
beribadah ++ ibadah
beriklan ++ iklan
berinduk ++ induk
berinisiatif ++ inisiatif
berintegrasi ++ integrasi
berinvestasi ++ investasi
berisikan ++ isi
beristirahat ++ istirahat
berita-berita ++ berita
berjabat ++ jabat
berjaga-jaga ++ jaga
berjaket ++ jaket
berjalan-jalan ++ jalan
berjalur ++ jalur
berjanji ++ janji
berjasa ++ jasa
berjaya ++ jaya
berjiwa ++ jiwa
berjualan ++ jual
berjudi ++ judi
berjumlah ++ jumlah
berkabut ++ kabut
berkacamata ++ kacamata
berkaitan ++ kait
berkali ++ kali
berkampanye ++ kampanye
berkapasitas ++ kapasitas
berkarakter ++ karakter
berkarya ++ karya
berkas-berkas ++ berkas
berkata ++ kata
berkebangsaan ++ bangsa
berkebun ++ kebun
berkecil ++ kecil
berkedok ++ kedok
berkekuatan ++ kuat
berkelanjutan ++ lanjut
berkeliling ++ keliling
berkelompok ++ kelompok
berkemampuan ++ mampu
berkembang ++ kembang
berkemungkinan ++ mungkin
berkenalan ++ kenal
berkepanjangan ++ panjang
berkepribadian ++ pribadi
berkesempatan ++ sempat
berkesinambungan ++ sinambung
berkhasiat ++ khasiat
berkicau ++ kicau
berkiprah ++ kiprah
berkode ++ kode
berkomentar ++ komentar
berkompetisi ++ kompetisi
berkomunikasi ++ komunikasi
berkonflik ++ konflik
berkonsentrasi ++ konsentrasi
berkonsolidasi ++ konsolidasi
berkontribusi ++ kontribusi
berkostum ++ kostum
berkumpul ++ kumpul
berkurangnya ++ kurang
berlabuh ++ labuh
berlaku ++ laku
berlakunya ++ laku
berlama-lama ++ lama
berlandaskan ++ landas
berlangsungnya ++ langsung
berlapis ++ lapis
berlarian ++ lari
berlatih ++ latih
berlayar ++ layar
berlebihan ++ lebih
berlepas ++ lepas
berlindung ++ lindung
berlipat ++ lipat
berlomba ++ lomba
berlompatan ++ lompat
berlumpur ++ lumpur
bermacam-macam ++ macam
bermain-main ++ main
bermakna ++ makna
bermalam ++ malam
bermartabat ++ martabat
bermata ++ mata
bermental ++ mental
bermimpi ++ mimpi
berminggu-minggu ++ minggu
bermitra ++ mitra
bermodalkan ++ modal
bermotor ++ motor
bermuatan ++ muat
bermukim ++ mukim
bermunculannya ++ muncul
bernafas ++ nafas
bernama ++ nama
bernapas ++ napas
bernegara ++ negara
bernegosiasi ++ negosiasi
berniaga ++ niaga
bernilai ++ nilai
bernyanyi ++ nyanyi
beroperasinya ++ operasi
berorientasi ++ orientasi
berpacaran ++ pacar
berpakaian ++ pakai
berpandangan ++ pandang
berpartisipasi ++ partisipasi
berpasangan ++ pasang
berpedoman ++ pedoman
berpeluang ++ peluang
berpeluru ++ peluru
berpendapat ++ dapat
berpendidikan ++ didik
berpengalaman ++ alam
berpengaruh ++ pengaruh
berpenghasilan ++ hasil
berpenumpang ++ tumpang
berperan ++ peran
berperang ++ perang
berperkara ++ perkara
berpihak ++ pihak
berpikir ++ pikir
berpikirnya ++ pikir
berpindah-pindah ++ pindah
berpolitik ++ politik
berpotensi ++ potensi
berprestasi ++ prestasi
berprofesi ++ profesi
berpuasa ++ puasa
berpuluh ++ puluh
berpuncak ++ puncak
berpura-pura ++ pura
berputar-putar ++ putar
bersabar ++ sabar
bersafari ++ safari
bersaksi ++ saksi
bersalaman ++ salam
bersamaan ++ sama
bersambung ++ sambung
bersantai ++ santai
bersarang ++ sarang
bersatu ++ satu
bersaudara ++ saudara
berseberangan ++ seberang
bersedih ++ sedih
bersejarah ++ sejarah
bersekutu ++ sekutu
berselang ++ selang
bersembunyi ++ sembunyi
bersenjata ++ senjata
bersepakat ++ sepakat
berseragam ++ seragam
berseri ++ seri
bersiap ++ siap
bersifat ++ sifat
bersihnya ++ bersih
bersinar ++ sinar
bersinggungan ++ singgung
berskala ++ skala
bersosialisasi ++ sosialisasi
berstruktur ++ struktur
bersuara ++ suara
bersumpah ++ sumpah
bersungguh-sungguh ++ sungguh
bersyukur ++ syukur
bertabrakan ++ tabrak
bertahan ++ tahan
bertahun ++ tahun
bertambahnya ++ tambah
bertanding ++ tanding
bertanggal ++ tanggal
bertani ++ tani
bertanya-tanya ++ tanya
bertarung ++ tarung
bertebaran ++ tebar
bertekanan ++ tekan
bertelur ++ telur
bertempat ++ tempat
bertemu ++ temu
bertenaga ++ tenaga
berteriak ++ teriak
berterima ++ terima
bertiga ++ tiga
bertingkah ++ tingkah
bertipe ++ tipe
bertiup ++ tiup
bertubuh ++ tubuh
bertujuan ++ tuju
bertulang ++ tulang
bertuliskan ++ tulis
bertumpuk ++ tumpuk
berubah-ubah ++ ubah
beruji ++ uji
berukuran ++ ukur
berulang-ulang ++ ulang
beruntungnya ++ untung
berupaya ++ upaya
berusia ++ usia
bervariasi ++ variasi
berwarna ++ warna
berwibawa ++ wibawa
berwujud ++ wujud
beternak ++ ternak
betul-betul ++ betul
biaknya ++ biak
biaya-biaya ++ biaya
bibirnya ++ bibir
bidangnya ++ bidang
biji-bijian ++ biji
bilangan ++ bilang
binaan ++ bina
bincang-bincang ++ bincang
bintangnya ++ bintang
bisanya ++ bisa
bisnis-bisnis ++ bisnis
bisnisnya ++ bisnis
buah-buahan ++ buah
buangan ++ buang
buatan ++ buat
budaya-budaya ++ budaya
budayanya ++ budaya
bukan-bukan ++ bukan
buktikan ++ bukti
bukunya ++ buku
bulan-bulan ++ bulan
bulannya ++ bulan
bundaran ++ bundar
bunganya ++ bunga
bunyi-bunyian ++ bunyi
buronan ++ buron
buruknya ++ buruk
busananya ++ busana
butir-butir ++ butir
butuhkan ++ butuh
cacatan ++ cacat
cadangan ++ cadang
cahayanya ++ cahaya
cakupan ++ cakup
calonkan ++ calon
canangkan ++ canang
cantiknya ++ cantik
capaian ++ capai
cara-caranya ++ cara
catatannya ++ catat
celah-celah ++ celah
celakanya ++ celaka
celananya ++ celana
cemoohan ++ cemooh
cepatnya ++ cepat
cerita-cerita ++ cerita
ceritanya ++ cerita
cermati ++ cermat
cerminan ++ cermin
ciptaan ++ cipta
ciri-cirinya ++ ciri
coba-coba ++ coba
colokan ++ colok
contoh-contoh ++ contoh
dadakan ++ dadak
dagangannya ++ dagang
dahsyatnya ++ dahsyat
dakwaannya ++ dakwa
dakwahnya ++ dakwah
dalami ++ dalam
dalamnya ++ dalam
dambaan ++ damba
dampaknya ++ dampak
dapatkan ++ dapat
daratan ++ darat
dasarnya ++ dasar
datangi ++ datang
datanya ++ data
dataran ++ datar
daun-daun ++ daun
daunnya ++ daun
debitnya ++ debit
debunya ++ debu
definisinya ++ definisi
dekatnya ++ dekat
demikianlah ++ demikian
dengannya ++ dengan
derajatnya ++ derajat
deretan ++ deret
desa-desa ++ desa
diabadikan ++ abadi
diabdikan ++ abdi
diadakan ++ ada
diadili ++ adil
diagendakan ++ agenda
diajari ++ ajar
diajukan ++ aju
diakhiri ++ akhir
diakuinya ++ aku
dialaminya ++ alam
dialihkan ++ alih
dialirkan ++ alir
dialog-dialog ++ dialog
dialokasikan ++ alokasi
diam-diam ++ diam
diamanatkan ++ amanat
diamati ++ amat
diambil ++ ambil
diamnya ++ diam
dianalisis ++ analisis
diancam ++ ancam
diandalkan ++ andal
dianggap ++ anggap
dianggarkan ++ anggar
diangkatnya ++ angkat
dianjurkan ++ anjur
diantarkan ++ antar
dianugerahi ++ anugerah
dianutnya ++ anut
diartikan ++ arti
diasosiasikan ++ asosiasi
diasuh ++ asuh
diatasi ++ atas
diatur ++ atur
diawasi ++ awas
dibacakan ++ baca
dibagi-bagikan ++ bagi
dibahas ++ bahas
dibakar ++ bakar
dibalik ++ balik
dibandingkan ++ banding
dibangkitkan ++ bangkit
dibangunnya ++ bangun
dibantah ++ bantah
dibaringkan ++ baring
dibatasi ++ batas
dibayangi ++ bayang
dibayar ++ bayar
dibebani ++ beban
dibedah ++ bedah
dibekali ++ bekal
dibekukan ++ beku
dibelanjakan ++ belanja
dibeli ++ beli
dibenahi ++ benah
dibenarkan ++ benar
dibendung ++ bendung
diberangkatkan ++ berangkat
diberi ++ beri
diberikannya ++ beri
diberlakukannya ++ laku
dibesarkan ++ besar
dibiarkannya ++ biar
dibiayai ++ biaya
dibikin ++ bikin
dibilang ++ bilang
dibongkar ++ bongkar
diboyong ++ boyong
dibuahi ++ buah
dibuat ++ buat
dibuatkan ++ buat
dibuatnya ++ buat
dibuka ++ buka
dibuktikan ++ bukti
dibukukan ++ buku
dibungkus ++ bungkus
dibutuhkan ++ butuh
dicairkan ++ cair
dicampur ++ campur
dicanangkan ++ canang
dicantumkannya ++ cantum
dicapai ++ capai
dicari ++ cari
dicat ++ cat
dicatat ++ catat
dicek ++ cek
dicemasi ++ cemas
diceritakan ++ cerita
dicermati ++ cermat
dicetuskan ++ cetus
dicirikan ++ ciri
dicopot ++ copot
dicuci ++ cuci
dicurigai ++ curiga
didaftarkan ++ daftar
didakwa ++ dakwa
didampingi ++ damping
didapat ++ dapat
didapatnya ++ dapat
didasari ++ dasar
didata ++ data
didatangkan ++ datang
didefinisikan ++ definisi
dideklarasikan ++ deklarasi
didengarkan ++ dengar
diderita ++ derita
didesain ++ desain
dideteksi ++ deteksi
didiami ++ diam
dididik ++ didik
didiknya ++ didik
didirikan ++ diri
didiskusikan ++ diskusi
didistribusikan ++ distribusi
didobrak ++ dobrak
didominasi ++ dominasi
didorong ++ dorong
diduga ++ duga
didukungnya ++ dukung
diedarkan ++ edar
dieksekusi ++ eksekusi
diekspor ++ ekspor
dievakuasi ++ evakuasi
difungsikan ++ fungsi
digabungkan ++ gabung
digagalkan ++ gagal
digalakkan ++ galak
digali ++ gali
digandakan ++ ganda
digantikan ++ ganti
digarap ++ garap
digariskan ++ garis
digelandang ++ gelandang
digelarnya ++ gelar
digemari ++ gemar
digencarkan ++ gencar
digiring ++ giring
digulirkan ++ gulir
digunakan ++ guna
diguyur ++ guyur
dihadang ++ hadang
dihadapi ++ hadap
dihadapinya ++ hadap
dihadiri ++ hadir
dihajar ++ hajar
dihalangi ++ halang
dihantui ++ hantu
dihapuskan ++ hapus
diharapkannya ++ harap
diharuskan ++ harus
dihasut ++ hasut
dihebohkan ++ heboh
dihiasi ++ hias
dihidangkan ++ hidang
dihidupkan ++ hidup
dihimbau ++ himbau
dihormati ++ hormat
dihubungi ++ hubung
dihuni ++ huni
diidentifikasi ++ identifikasi
diikat ++ ikat
diikutkan ++ ikut
diimbau ++ imbau
diindahkan ++ indah
diindikasikan ++ indikasi
diingatkan ++ ingat
diinginkan ++ ingin
diingkari ++ ingkar
diintensifkan ++ intensif
diintervensi ++ intervensi
diintip ++ intip
diinvestasikan ++ investasi
diiringi ++ iring
diisukan ++ isu
dijabarkan ++ jabar
dijadikan ++ jadi
dijadwalkan ++ jadwal
dijagokan ++ jago
dijalani ++ jalan
dijalankan ++ jalan
dijalin ++ jalin
dijangkau ++ jangkau
dijaring ++ jaring
dijatuhi ++ jatuh
dijatuhkannya ++ jatuh
dijawab ++ jawab
dijelaskannya ++ jelas
dijerat ++ jerat
dijumpai ++ jumpa
dikabarkan ++ kabar
dikagetkan ++ kaget
dikaitkan ++ kait
dikalahkan ++ kalah
dikantongi ++ kantong
dikarenakan ++ karena
dikatakan ++ kata
dikategorikan ++ kategori
dikawal ++ kawal
dikehendaki ++ hendak
dikelilingi ++ keliling
dikelola ++ kelola
dikelompokkan ++ kelompok
dikeluarkannya ++ keluar
dikembalikan ++ kembali
dikemukakan ++ muka
dikenai ++ kena
dikenakannya ++ kena
dikenali ++ kenal
dikenang ++ kenang
dikendarai ++ kendara
dikepung ++ kepung
dikerjakan ++ kerja
dikeroyok ++ keroyok
dikesampingkan ++ samping
diketahui ++ tahu
diketuai ++ ketua
dikhawatirkan ++ khawatir
dikirim ++ kirim
dikisahkan ++ kisah
diklasifikasikan ++ klasifikasi
dikoleksi ++ koleksi
dikombinasikan ++ kombinasi
dikomunikasikan ++ komunikasi
dikonfirmasikan ++ konfirmasi
dikonstruksi ++ konstruksi
dikonsumsi ++ konsumsi
dikontrakkan ++ kontrak
dikonversi ++ konversi
dikoordinasikan ++ koordinasi
dikorupsi ++ korupsi
dikritik ++ kritik
dikucurkan ++ kucur
dikukuhkan ++ kukuh
dikumpulkannya ++ kumpul
dikunjunginya ++ kunjung
dilakoni ++ lakon
dilaksanakan ++ laksana
dilakukannya ++ laku
dilalap ++ lalap
dilaluinya ++ lalu
dilampaui ++ lampau
dilancarkan ++ lancar
dilandasi ++ landas
dilangsungkan ++ langsung
dilantik ++ lantik
dilapisi ++ lapis
dilarang ++ larang
dilatih ++ latih
dilayangkan ++ layang
dilayaninya ++ layan
dilelang ++ lelang
dilembagakan ++ lembaga
dilemparkan ++ lempar
dilengkapi ++ lengkap
dilepaskan ++ lepas
dilestarikan ++ lestari
dilewatkan ++ lewat
diliburkan ++ libur
dilihat ++ lihat
dililit ++ lilit
dilindungi ++ lindung
dilirik ++ lirik
dilukiskan ++ lukis
diluncurkannya ++ luncur
dimaafkan ++ maaf
dimajukan ++ maju
dimakamkan ++ makam
dimaklumi ++ maklum
dimaksud ++ maksud
dimaksudnya ++ maksud
dimandatkan ++ mandat
dimanfaatkan ++ manfaat
dimasuki ++ masuk
dimasukkannya ++ masuk
dimenangkan ++ menang
dimengerti ++ mengerti
dimensinya ++ dimensi
dimiliki ++ milik
diminta ++ minta
diminum ++ minum
dimodifikasi ++ modifikasi
dimotori ++ motor
dimulai ++ mulai
dimunculkan ++ muncul
dinaikkan ++ naik
dinamakan ++ nama
dinanti ++ nanti
dinginnya ++ dingin
diniati ++ niat
dinikahi ++ nikah
dinikmati ++ nikmat
dinilainya ++ nilai
dinobatkan ++ nobat
dinyatakannya ++ nyata
diolah ++ olah
dioperasikannya ++ operasi
dioptimalkan ++ optimal
diorganisasikan ++ organisasi
dipadamkan ++ padam
dipadukan ++ padu
dipahami ++ paham
dipajang ++ pajang
dipaksa ++ paksa
dipamerkan ++ pamer
dipanaskan ++ panas
manuver-manuver ++ manuver
maraknya ++ marak
masa-masa ++ masa
masak-masak ++ masak
masalahnya ++ masalah
massanya ++ massa
masukan ++ masuk
masuki ++ masuk
masuknya ++ masuk
masyarakatnya ++ masyarakat
mata-mata ++ mata
matanya ++ mata
materinya ++ materi
matikan ++ mati
maunya ++ mau
mayat-mayat ++ mayat
media-media ++ media
melacak ++ lacak
melaju ++ laju
melakoni ++ lakon
melaksanakannya ++ laksana
melakukannya ++ laku
melamban ++ lamban
melambat ++ lambat
melampaui ++ lampau
melampirkan ++ lampir
melancarkan ++ lancar
melanda ++ landa
melanggar ++ langgar
melanggengkan ++ langgeng
melangkahkan ++ langkah
melangsungkan ++ langsung
melanjut ++ lanjut
melapor ++ lapor
melaporkannya ++ lapor
melarikan ++ lari
melawannya ++ lawan
melayang ++ layang
melayani ++ layan
melebar ++ lebar
melebihi ++ lebih
melecehkan ++ leceh
melegenda ++ legenda
melekat ++ lekat
melemahkan ++ lemah
melembaganya ++ lembaga
melempari ++ lempar
melemparnya ++ lempar
melepas ++ lepas
melestarikan ++ lestari
meletus ++ letus
meletusnya ++ letus
melewatkan ++ lewat
melibatkan ++ libat
melihat ++ lihat
melihat-lihat ++ lihat
melimpah ++ limpah
melindungi ++ lindung
melingkupi ++ lingkup
melintas ++ lintas
meliputi ++ liput
meloloskan ++ lolos
melonggarkan ++ longgar
melonjaknya ++ lonjak
meluapkan ++ luap
meluasnya ++ luas
melukai ++ luka
melukiskan ++ lukis
melumpuhkan ++ lumpuh
meluncur ++ luncur
meluruskan ++ lurus
memaafkan ++ maaf
memadai ++ pada
memadu ++ madu
memainkan ++ main
memajang ++ pajang
memakai ++ pakai
memakainya ++ pakai
memaknai ++ makna
memaksakan ++ paksa
memalsukan ++ palsu
memamerkan ++ pamer
memanas ++ panas
memanaskan ++ panas
memancarkan ++ pancar
memandang ++ pandang
memanfaatkan ++ manfaat
memanggil ++ panggil
memanipulasi ++ manipulasi
memanjang ++ panjang
memantau ++ pantau
memanusiakan ++ manusia
memaparkan ++ papar
memasak ++ masak
memasangkan ++ pasang
memasarkan ++ pasar
memastikan ++ pasti
memasukkan ++ masuk
memasyarakatkan ++ masyarakat
mematahkan ++ patah
mematikannya ++ mati
mematuhi ++ patuh
membaca ++ baca
membacanya ++ baca
membagikan ++ bagi
membahagiakan ++ bahagia
membahaskan ++ bahas
membahayakan ++ bahaya
membaiknya ++ baik
membakar ++ bakar
membalap ++ balap
dokumen-dokumen ++ dokumen
dokumennya ++ dokumen
dominasinya ++ dominasi
dramanya ++ drama
duduknya ++ duduk
dukungan ++ dukung
dusunnya ++ dusun
duta-duta ++ duta
eceran ++ ecer
edisinya ++ edisi
ekonomisnya ++ ekonomis
ekornya ++ ekor
ekosistemnya ++ ekosistem
eksplorasinya ++ eksplorasi
ekspornya ++ ekspor
elemen-elemen ++ elemen
emasnya ++ emas
emisinya ++ emisi
enaknya ++ enak
endapan ++ endap
faktanya ++ fakta
faktor-faktor ++ faktor
fasilitasi ++ fasilitas
fenomena-fenomena ++ fenomena
figuran ++ figur
fisiknya ++ fisik
foto-foto ++ foto
fotonya ++ foto
fraksi-fraksi ++ fraksi
fungsinya ++ fungsi
fungsionalnya ++ fungsional
gagasan ++ gagas
gajinya ++ gaji
gambarannya ++ gambar
gambarnya ++ gambar
gandakan ++ ganda
ganjalan ++ ganjal
garapan ++ garap
garmennya ++ garmen
gawangnya ++ gawang
gebrakan ++ gebrak
gejala-gejala ++ gejala
genangannya ++ genang
gencarnya ++ gencar
gerakan ++ gerak
gergajian ++ gergaji
gerombolan ++ gerombol
giliran ++ gilir
godaan ++ goda
gol-gol ++ gol
golnya ++ gol
golongannya ++ golong
goyangan ++ goyang
gudang-gudang ++ gudang
gunakan ++ guna
gunung-gunung ++ gunung
habisnya ++ habis
hadapan ++ hadap
hadirkan ++ hadir
hajatan ++ hajat
hak-hak ++ hak
hal-hal ++ hal
halamannya ++ halaman
halangan ++ halang
halnya ++ hal
hampir-hampir ++ hampir
hangatnya ++ hangat
hantaman ++ hantam
hapuskan ++ hapus
harapan-harapan ++ harap
harapkan ++ harap
harga-harga ++ harga
harinya ++ hari
hasilnya ++ hasil
hati-hati ++ hati
hatinya ++ hati
hektarnya ++ hektar
hiburan ++ hibur
hidupnya ++ hidup
hilangnya ++ hilang
himpunan ++ himpun
hitamnya ++ hitam
hitungannya ++ hitung
hormati ++ hormat
hotelnya ++ hotel
hubungan ++ hubung
hubungi ++ hubung
hukuman ++ hukum